[API Shield] Get started guide (#9295)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/api-shield/get-started/index.md

6. Select **Save**. 

After setting up session identifiers and allowing some time for Cloudflare to learn your traffic patterns, you can view your per endpoint and per session rate limiting recommendations, as well as enforce per endpoint and per session rate limits by creating new rules. Session identifiers will allow you to view API Discovery results from session ID-based discovery and session traffic patterns in Sequence Analytics.

## Upload a schema using Schema Validation (optional)

Schema Validation protects your APIs by ensuring only requests matching your API schema are allowed to communicate with your origin.

While not strictly required, uploading a pre-existing schema will offer the chance to automatically add endpoints to Endpoint Management. If you already have a schema, you can upload it to [Schema Validation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api-shield/reference/classic-schema-validation/). 

{{<Aside type="note">}}
It is recommended to start with Schema Validation rules set to `log` to review logged requests in **Security** > **Events**. When you are confident that only the correct requests are logged, you should switch the rule to `block`. 
{{</Aside>}}

> If you do not have a schema to upload, continue in this guide to learn how to generate a schema with API Shield. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have a schema to upload, continue reading this guide to learn how to generate a schema with API Shield. 
```

You can import your learned schemas to Schema Validation 2 using the [API](/api-shield/security/schema-validation/) or the classic version of Schema Validation using the [Cloudflare dashboard](/api-shield/reference/classic-schema-validation/). Schema Validation 2 focuses on giving you granular control and lets you set mitigation actions for each endpoint individually. 

## View Sequence Analytics

[Sequence Analytics](/api-shield/security/sequence-analytics/) surfaces a subset of important API request sequences found in your API traffic over time.

You can observe the top sequences in your API traffic that contain endpoints stored in Endpoint Management. We rank sequences by Correlation Score. High-scoring sequences contain API requests which are likely to occur together in order.

You should apply all possible API Shield protections (rate limiting suggestions, Schema Validation, JWT Validation, and mTLS) to API endpoints found in high correlation score sequences that make up the critical request flows in your application. You should also check their specific endpoint order with your development team.

> For more information, refer to [our blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/api-sequence-analytics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [Detecting API abuse automatically using sequence analysis](https://blog.cloudflare.com/api-sequence-analytics) blog post.
```
